well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about bella
wood obviously
because of the president's alleged
remarks
although we're not really going to talk
about that much we will get to why some
people are going to ignore them
and why it deeply impacted
others but mainly we're actually going
to talk about bella wood
because it's forgotten it's not really
known outside of the marine corps
in fact i didn't know about it until a
marine
in fact the toughest guy at the table
until he told me the story until he
filled me in on it
to them this is one of their defining
moments it's up there with
kaisan chosen guadalcanal iwo jima
it's it's part of their lore
but it is forgotten so we're going to
talk about it
i'm not going to narrate the whole
battle mainly because there was a whole
bunch of maneuvering
and unless you understand the
terminology
it's not going to make any sense without
a map so
i'm going to hit the highlights because
while it is forgotten
marine lore to most people
a lot of it became american lore
so we can talk about the
pieces that transferred over
when the marines first show up a group
of them is sent to
kind of back up some french forces when
they get there
the french are coming off the line
they're retreating
think about the image of the french
military in the united states
this is part of where that image comes
from
the french commander they're like you
guys need to retreat too you need to get
out of here
and the marine commander retreat
uh we just got here that tough guy line
you've heard
a dozen action movies actually said
and then the marines fill in the gap
they fill in the line
along the way as this progresses
the first marine to receive a medal of
honor during world war one
at this battle later on
they're trying to stop the germans from
coming around their side
and they want to secure an area the area
is on the other side of this wheat field
this open field that's not good because
you never know what's on the other side
of it however they did know what was on
the other side of it
a bunch of german machine guns well come
on do you want to live forever
actually said gunnery sergeant dan daly
we remember the lines we forget the
battles
he said that and then led his men in a
charge across that open wheat field
through that wall of lead
the battle was so ferocious
and the marines were so unforgiving
that it is believed this isn't actually
confirmed but it is believed
that the germans referred to them as
devil dogs
a nickname the marines accepted happily
and still used today and it's not really
fair to call it the battle of bella wood
either
because that's not what it's called
anymore
because the fighting was so vicious the
french renamed it
it is now the wood of the marine
brigade very defining moment for the
marines
now for a large portion of trump's base
they're going to ignore this fake news
can't be true he wouldn't say anything
like that
even though it lines up with the dozens
of other times he has disparaged
american troops
but if you look on social media there's
a whole bunch of marines
this was the last straw and that seems
weird
because it's not the first time he said
something like this right
but there's a difference many modern
vets
they understand that a whole lot of
their deployments are political
they understand the economic reasons
they understand the corruption
there is nothing that will convince you
of the
failings of the system faster than being
the tool of that system's implementation
so they understand that but this wasn't
about
them this was about their
spiritual ancestors their forerunners
those people who were fighting the good
fight those people
who stayed put or charged ahead
when others fled that's the difference
because it's not about the person they
know
it's about their heroes you know i'm
sure there's
here's another line from it afterward
one of the generals said the deadliest
weapon in the world is a marine
and his rifle you've probably heard that
before
this is an attack
on the very foundations of the marine
corps
that's why a whole lot of people have
the reaction that they did
that's why a whole lot of people for
them it was the last straw
and in some ways it may be useful
to see that politicians
and this isn't limited to trump
they don't care for all of the talk
about supporting the troops
they don't care and yeah it's true for
trump
but it's true for a lot of others too
it might be something we should keep in
mind
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day